Galaxy A50: Hello.
Shawn Phalen: Hi. Can you see me.
Galaxy A50: Yes. Can you see me. I'm in the car. No, no, not really, man.
Galaxy A50: I get there.
Shawn Phalen: Hi got your mask.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, cuz I just left work. So yeah, this is my talking setup.
Shawn Phalen: So you're working
Galaxy A50: Yes, uh huh. Okay, I am still an aesthetician but I just see people on need to see basis, kind of, and I'm not open to the public. I'm just open to the people that I know and what they're doing. No. So the people who are in the same
Galaxy A50: Place as me. We're all independent. So we just make sure that our clients don't cross one another. And that's pretty much it. And then take longer breaks in between to clean. Okay.
How many days a week. Are you working
Galaxy A50: Just as needed, like today, I had one client tomorrow. I have one client a Monday I had two clients, not my typical I used to see at least 14 a day so
Galaxy A50: That's actually on an on an average day. Sometimes it was way more
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so you got some money coming in.
Galaxy A50: Okay. I mean, I have more money going out business related because you know I have to. I couldn't just buy things for one or two clients, I have to like put ship orders in and stuff. My biggest expense really is rent. Yeah. So I'm still really not even breaking even but that's okay.
Galaxy A50: I have unemployment and
Galaxy A50: I'm fine.
Shawn Phalen: So your unemployment has kicked in.
Galaxy A50: Well, since I became unemployed not due to the pandemic. I actually was very lucky they got to meet instant
Galaxy A50: Gotcha. Okay. I also applied for CalFresh which is the new version of food stamps. Yeah. So that happened to thank goodness also kicking earlier. But the one that's going to take forever. For me, I feel like would be this whatever the stimulus checkers. Yeah, right.
Galaxy A50: Because I don't know everybody else had something pending on Monday. A minds, not even pending. So I have a feeling that they're going to go through. Everybody who filed for 19 first and then go because I never file until like last minute because so many things.
Galaxy A50: Play into what I'm going to declare and how
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and also the people that are getting tricked deposit deposit go are getting paid first
Galaxy A50: Well, I have direct deposit. But I first I didn't file my 2019
Galaxy A50: And second, up until 2019 I was claiming head of household
Galaxy A50: Right, probably figuring out why somebody else's claiming my child first right I'm okay. The thing is I sold my house in December. And even though that money was earmarked for the next house. I can dip into it. Worst case scenario. Okay. Cool. Good. You're in a good position.
Galaxy A50: And better than most. Yes.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, seriously. Yeah. Um, alright, so how's everything else going with
Galaxy A50: My anxiety was really, really bad.
Galaxy A50: Saturday and Sunday, pretty much a terrible Easter because of it. Not that not that anybody had a good one, but
Galaxy A50: Anxiety and also lack of focus, have been bad
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Is the lack of focus, just because of what's going on with this virus, because your routines off.
Galaxy A50: I think it's because my body is not getting the weed. It needs to be honest.
Galaxy A50: It wasn't just helping me with anxiety and it was bringing me to a slow and steady pace. Yeah. So then I could do things in a certain order, maybe. Yeah. And I, I do one thing I completely forget what's next.
Shawn Phalen: Kind of like ADHD.
Galaxy A50: Well, I will. Yeah, I have ADD, that's for sure. But I've always I've always been, you know, you learn to live with certain things. It's just when my anxieties about DD cheese. I mean, that whatever a lack of attention is worse for sure.
Galaxy A50: I've noticed that before, but this right now way worse than before. Like, I went to the bathroom yesterday morning, and like for God that I was going to the I started staring at myself here Meteor
Galaxy A50: That was that
Shawn Phalen: What do you do when you get anxious or kind of coping skills do you
Galaxy A50: Oh, nowadays, I
Galaxy A50: Tried to see that it's somebody else, causing it. And I realize it's not my fault, but something else is trying to play me
Galaxy A50: Did I speak with you last week, I don't, I can't. No, I didn't. Though my ex husband contacted me not last Friday, not, not five days ago, but the previous one, with most ridiculous issue.
Galaxy A50: Which was legitimate at first until so he was saying that I was cursing with Hayden, but he started up from. First of all, he started saying I was cursing at Hayden, but I wasn't, I was cursing.
Galaxy A50: As I was going, but it's kind of something that I've always done
Galaxy A50: But the thing is, I said something like, So listen, I kind of like instantly went grown up about it. I was like, look, he's having an issue with this and this and this schoolwork, you know,
Galaxy A50: Please make sure because there's no teachers right now. So, and then plus because they no longer have, like, oh, until the end of the period. It's now like until it's do which is a week from when they pick it up.
Galaxy A50: He doesn't do anything until the last minute, and then, to be honest. He's kind of a little a whole about it.
Galaxy A50: And it's somehow my hope. But if I were there. I make sure that he does a little bit at a time.
Galaxy A50: Apparently so. So I said, like, look, do blah, blah, blah. I didn't say, so I don't have to curse. I just said I wasn't cursing at him.
Galaxy A50: He didn't finish, blah, blah, blah. He didn't finish this. And he is cranky because he stayed up trying to finish. Could you do better.
Galaxy A50: And then he changes the subject again. But then in the end he said we don't curse around here. So stop that.
Galaxy A50: And that just I I said Hayden told me that they started a curse jar, like a swear jar. Just because you curse so much. And he's like, Yeah. And he just starts at the moment I caught him on this. It was about an hour long rant.
Galaxy A50: But the thing is, I couldn't like people like, Well, why didn't you just disassociate yourself. Well, it doesn't work with this person. If I disassociate then he in his whacked mind thinks oh I want she has nothing else to say.
Galaxy A50: And then he traces more
Galaxy A50: So it's almost better to beat him down till he's done. And of course I did. And then this son of a bitch decided in order to punish me organized a dump trip.
Galaxy A50: Like when you take junk to the dump.
Galaxy A50: Right. And of course he is not the one going to the dumb it his mom's boyfriend and have Hayden, go to the dump.
Shawn Phalen: So one issue with the dog.
Galaxy A50: Well, I'm just thinking, if we're all staying home. We're not even going to school and the dumping the most disgusting place, anybody could go to. I just think that this is an outburst to show me like your, your kid went to the dump.
Galaxy A50: That's all it is.
Shawn Phalen: Are you to have any kind of contact with him by phone.
Galaxy A50: Only child related
Shawn Phalen: You guys email back and forth.
Galaxy A50: Well,
Galaxy A50: That's the thing that when I have a problem with anything I email but for whatever reason, he started texting me last time, and I did keep saying like it. A FUTURE REFERENCE email me.
Galaxy A50: But in but I kept saying, I want to stop like I i asked. I think it was about six times in this time that I was like, stop. I don't want to continue this and I kept saying, find something to do
Galaxy A50: Just so because somebody will eventually look at it and I want them to see that he's the one who cannot get his mind out of this hatred. Nope.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah I don't I don't recommend that you talk to him.
Galaxy A50: Oh why I try not to add all right if he calls i i don't i don't know that I would answer him.
Galaxy A50: Well, no, no. But if he's saying something like you're being inappropriate with Hayden, I have to answer because
Galaxy A50: We're dealing with the government, essentially, I don't care how big of a man how smart of a man. The judge is his job is just to see. Oh, the father complaint.
Galaxy A50: And he's not going to be like, Well, what's his complaint to substantiate it she's gonna be like, who's complaining. So I have to say hey don't complain. Your BS.
Galaxy A50: Plus the stuff that I receive I receive communication through phone with Hayden, so it's not like I have a legitimate thing to attach to my file.
Galaxy A50: So when Hayden says, Dad. Curses so much that grandma, grandpa started swear jar and then took me out for burgers and milkshakes, but that money. Nobody's going to find out unless I somehow incorporate it into some sort of right
I think you need to pick your battles.
Galaxy A50: Oh yeah, I do.
Galaxy A50: Okay, I used to really struggle with this. It used to be the Battle of, oh, what a jerk you are. You're a terrible father, blah, blah, blah. Well, I wouldn't say that. But I would point out certain things that he would do that would be really, really crappy or just not thinking or or not caring
Galaxy A50: Nowadays I more turn it into a joke.
Galaxy A50: So if I have to contact them I contact him like, hey, this is just a formality. Please don't do, blah, blah, blah. So like simple example, his mom is an animal hoarder.
Galaxy A50: She has more animals than she takes care of correctly. So if you have a bunch of yapping dogs in the back. I would write him, hey, can you please put away your mom's dogs. He did. Guess where he said, hey, the next two birds.
Shawn Phalen: Oh, you mean when you're talking to him there.
Yes.
Galaxy A50: So, so then I had to, I could have been, like, hey, you asshole, blah, blah, blah. But that was me, six years ago.
Galaxy A50: Now I destroyed. Hey, just so you know when I said your mom's dogs. Let's extend that to cover all the animals. And with that, let me also extend this not to just to your mom's animals, but to all animals on the property.
Galaxy A50: So I'm now kind of turning this more into a joke.
At work.
Galaxy A50: Well, it doesn't matter. Really, if it works or not. It's more like, hey, she pulled the rug from under me that's. First of all, and secondly, that's the kind of stuff I can attach to the file and say, look how many times you have the animals be right there disturbing our conversation.
Okay.
You know,
Galaxy A50: I wish I completely agree with you. I just wished it was a solution.
Shawn Phalen: I caution you to be diplomatic
Shawn Phalen: To not engage to not get sucked in.
Shawn Phalen: Anything that you put in writing is
Shawn Phalen: The same to the point
Shawn Phalen: No BS no sarcasm. I just don't like that.
Galaxy A50: I know
Galaxy A50: Especially my judge for sure.
Galaxy A50: It might judge in all honesty I feel is kind of a dick, as a person. So all he's gonna really all it's going to boil down to is, who
Galaxy A50: Who give this more to the kid and who causes more obstacles. Yeah, it's not really going to be like, oh, mom's emotionally abusive. She's not going to get paid and or dad doesn't feed Hayden and time. It's so key better not. It's just, it's like who annoys him more.
Galaxy A50: And if he sees how annoying. My ex husband this he's gonna get fed up.
Galaxy A50: I know I that's why I'm saying I'm pressed against this.
Galaxy A50: I it's like I can no longer think like a reasonable adult like you're trying to think like a reasonable person. I'm thinking in terms of what else is this guy going to throw up.
Galaxy A50: Not the judge my assessment. So I have to think, almost like a twisted person just to stay two steps ahead.
Shawn Phalen: Windsor Windsor court date. Again, you're doing it.
Galaxy A50: I dots. Yeah, exactly.
Galaxy A50: If it's not one fucking thing. It's another word. You guys can do
Shawn Phalen: Something like telephonically or no, that's not happening within that talk about
Galaxy A50: I, I do not think that the Court is working virtually or telephonically at all. I mean, if, if this doesn't stop. They'll have to come up with something
Galaxy A50: Has Liliana contacted you. Yeah, there you go. So, even from the moment that Liliana contacts you
Galaxy A50: I'm going to say it's going to be another three weeks before because she has to finish her report, send it to everybody and give her okay to the department and then the department is going to see us.
Galaxy A50: I know
Shawn Phalen: Because you guys just got two more weeks tacked on to your quarantine. Right. Correct.
Galaxy A50: I have not watched the news at all today. You mean today.
Shawn Phalen: No i thought that i thought that they added two more weeks. So the may 15 before anything starts to open. Have you heard this.
Galaxy A50: One as of today. No, I thought I heard that this weekend.
Galaxy A50: Wow, I did not see that at all.
Galaxy A50: Maybe
Galaxy A50: I, I also
Galaxy A50: In that I'm not like upset by this is concerning but I'm also the one thing that really troubles me about his family in general is
Galaxy A50: Since you know how like the way I see it as people who who who don't have much going for themselves judge other people more because they have to somehow make themselves feel better.
Galaxy A50: So his uncle, my son's uncle who lives there to posted a bunch of stuff about like oh what babies everybody like is being like, suck it up and go to work.
Galaxy A50: Kind of thing so they're they're completely missing the point of why we're it's not because we're all afraid of getting sick. It's just for our country. It's the most unpatriotic thing to do to go and risk.
Galaxy A50: But they don't understand it. So I, and I'm not, like, you know, pointing fingers, but I'm the like the voice of morale with my son.
Galaxy A50: So I've kind of been explaining more and more and more. You know, there's people who haven't seen their families and weeks because they work in the medical field and and I'm hoping that my son's just registering this but yeah I've basically been parenting remotely.
Which is hard parenting by proxy. You know, it is very difficult to do that and
Shawn Phalen: I, you know, so I guess you know with all that said, I'm
Continue to work on.
Managing her anxiety, the best that she
You know coping skills to be able to do that.
Galaxy A50: I mean, have we talked about coping skills for years okay yeah I I learned my own with him personally with my ex husband, causing me issues.
Galaxy A50: I make sure
Galaxy A50: Like not hang up the phone with Hayden, and instantly email.
Galaxy A50: I wait till like two hours prior to the next time I talk to Hayden, so then it's much more pertinent to my next conversation with Hayden. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: But like, when he kept contacting me that a week and a half ago he kept saying like, whoo, you're in a mood. Ooh, you get mad. But the thing is, I wasn't anything that was laughing at the fact that he just
Galaxy A50: I caught him bullshitting me and he just would not be like okay she got me I should just leave her alone. He kept trying to piss me off and it wouldn't work.
Galaxy A50: So only after he try again. At this point, he tried to insult me, then I kind of just shoo them away. That is, like, okay, I'm not winning
So how has it been for you not smoking weed.
Galaxy A50: Not what
Shawn Phalen: How has it been for you now that you're not smoking weed is this hard
Galaxy A50: Oh no, the non smoking weed is not a big deal. The D being extremely
Galaxy A50: Distracted is kind of a big deal.
Galaxy A50: I've been very destructive.
Galaxy A50: I'm doing the whole like one day to time approach to my just add as well. Yeah. So I take a bunch of notes I I tried to just focus on like when I wake up in the morning. I look at my Google Calendar, even though I looked at it last night. Right.
Shawn Phalen: constant reminders.
Galaxy A50: Constructs monster. Yes.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, of what you're supposed to do, keeping yourself on task. You know, keeping yourself focused. It's going to take work, you know, because you're used to having that, you know, being able to
Structure.
Galaxy A50: Right. Well, I used to have structure to
Shawn Phalen: Yeah I know, and I mean this is, you know, this is crazy. What was going on, you know, we're
Shawn Phalen: I don't you know everybody's
Shawn Phalen: Everyone I work with their anxieties is high and
Galaxy A50: You know, being able to, you know, stay calm in a really difficult.
Shawn Phalen: Situation that we don't have control over. You know, usually in our day to day lives and our routines. We have some sense of control over.
Shawn Phalen: Where we're going, what time we have to be there when we come home net all that's completely out the window so
Shawn Phalen: That's probably contributing to your lack of focus, because if you wake up on a Tuesday and know you need to be somewhere by 9am right you know what time you're supposed to leave. You know what time you're getting there. You know what you're supposed to do once you get there.
Shawn Phalen: So the fact that you don't you know that we don't have that right now. And it's, you know,
Galaxy A50: Difficult. It's also kind of a since my sleep is all screwed up right now. Yeah. Well, that's because you're not smoking weed. No, no, no, no, no, that's not why
Galaxy A50: It's because I no longer need to be anywhere in the morning. So at first, it started like, Oh, I'll stay up an extra hour, and now it's like a hug. God, yes. So it's old jack I wake up like lunchtime.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, see, you gotta stay on, you gotta go to bed at the same time and wake up at the same time, because one stuff is over. You got to get back into her Tina, you were doing prior
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I will. It's just like right now, if I'm not sleepy. Oh yeah, I guess we have something to do with it, but I don't really think so because
Galaxy A50: We was really not like a sleep drug for me, it was more calm drug. Yeah, but it's still disrupt the pattern, it can it can in some people can disrupt it
Galaxy A50: Means you know you
Shawn Phalen: You are used to having that in your system, you don't have it in your system anymore. So it's almost like you're in a detox from it and it takes a little bit of time. When was the last time we tested.
Galaxy A50: When the last time I tested, I want to say, two weeks ago, it was negative. Okay. When do you test again.
Galaxy A50: Whenever they send me another cup.
Shawn Phalen: Because the Court wants that right
Galaxy A50: Well, yeah, but the thing is so
Galaxy A50: When the court was listing all the things that they wanted that the judge wanted like my attorney and and Liliana to follow up with you guys. He did say I want to know how often she tests and
Galaxy A50: But the thing is, the court was originally scheduled two months from that day so I assume once a month. Sounds realistic with weed. Because if I smoke break now.
Galaxy A50: It will stay with me for a while. It's not like other drugs. Now, I have no idea. I just, I'm trusting my attorney to guide me she's wonderful this is the best attorney ever had.
Galaxy A50: And the judge seems to kind of clearly play favorites.
Galaxy A50: And he and he definitely enjoys her company. He likes her my attorney and I could see that. And I'm just letting my attorney like take the lead. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Are you staying in touch with your attorney.
Galaxy A50: Last time was really just about scheduling and stuff when she told me, everything's taken off calendar.
Galaxy A50: That nothing new really happened. I'm assuming once they start calendaring again. She'll let me know.
Galaxy A50: You'd be the person to hear from Liliana before any of us do. So I'm sure somebody will tell me
Okay.
Galaxy A50: There's, it's like
Galaxy A50: There's really nothing to do except to wait for this to be over.
Galaxy A50: Right, in a way, when I found out that my ex husband lost his job. I felt terrible. Just because I know how he is when nothing's distracting him. He's so preoccupied with hating me. I knew that it will instantly go overboard, which did house. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, do your best to not engage. Okay.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I don't think anything's going to happen anytime soon at all. I just my biggest fear is that this goes so much further than then Hayden will have to start seventh grade over there.
Galaxy A50: And if that happens then that puts me to Christmas.
Galaxy A50: This is like, Yeah, see, now I'm getting upset. Let's just not talk about that blow out out out. Yeah, right.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Alright, so let's just focus on the day focus on the moment what
Shawn Phalen: Are you doing meetings online during your a meeting.
Galaxy A50: I'm doing it. What's in the rooms. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: How often are you doing whenever like I didn't do one this week at all yet because I had meetings with you guys at a meeting on Monday at a meeting on Tuesday. Now I have you today. So probably tomorrow.
Galaxy A50: Will usually like two or three. Okay. Keep doing that, please.
Shawn Phalen: Could you wanna, you want to do next week or the week after.
Galaxy A50: Let's do the week after. Because I am already seeing somebody individually individually and tomorrow or next week.
Galaxy A50: I still talk to my sponsor every day. Like, like I always have
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Who do you think individually.
Galaxy A50: Next week married
Okay, gotcha. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. All right. So what about April 29 at eight.
Galaxy A50: What, what's, April 29 what Wednesday. Yeah, that's fine.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, okay. All right, I'm gonna put you in the will meet them.
Galaxy A50: Okay, thank you so much. Okay, bye. Have a good evening.